one today we're gonna try something
exciting we have this Google Sketchup
model right here and we're going to make
it photorealistic now this is not an
easy task to do with Google Sketchup so
we'll need some help from some other
free software available on the Internet
ok so here I have sort of a stage I've
just built for my school actually but in
any case just stage textured fairly
simply so once you have your model done
it doesn't have to be the stage it could
be anything go ahead and save it and
I'll show you the next step
okay so if those two things downloaded
and with the latest version of Mac OS X
you should have no problem installing
the crook of theá-- now to install the
plugin for google sketchup requires you
to find the plug-in in your downloads
folder and once you have found it simply
copy the files found in here which would
be this and this folder here and put
them in Macintosh HD under library
application support and Sketchup 7
Sketchup and plugins and just copy and
paste them into there as I have here and
here after that simply restarts Sketchup
and you should notice if it sold
correctly that under the plugins you now
have a kirk Athiya exporter option now
basically what this can do is it's gonna
export your model as an XML file which
is something the Kirk Athiya application
can read now the easiest way to do is
simply to click export model once you've
clicked export model you comes up with
some export options the easiest for
thing for beginners is just to leave the
export options they are and hit OK
you'll be prompted with a save to screen
I'll just save mine is castle XML and
hit save
now it may take a while depending on the
amount of textures and the complexity of
your model but once it's done you'll
come up with a pop-up asking if you want
to open the exported model click yes in
a few minutes you'll notice the x11 icon
at the bottom and Kirke Athiya will open
now one cooker Theater's first opens you
will notice that it's a wireframe and
you will also notice that you have this
sort of blue box going around your model
this is a set it should like the viewer
of a camera of Sketchup if you right
click on your mouse you can pan and zoom
in zoom out again but I'm just gonna set
up my angle until I'm happy with it here
there we go so here I've set up my model
from the globe we should take a picture
now the next step is to go render here
and setup now you'll probably want to
leave this the way it is initially but
it's good showing you this just for a
future reference production a is
probably what you want to go with and
then hit start render now you'll come up
with something like this there are
different types of renders you can do so
if you hit settings we will go with
photon map hi now this will just give
you a realistic sort of you know just
hit apply and yes to save my changes
there I'd hit okay now you'll notice
that at the bottom there'll be a counter
saying how much time has elapsed and
eventually you'll get to see the image
once it is complete if you look quick
for you so after a few minutes it'll say
ready at the bottom again and you know
that your picture will be done you'll
see a small preview down here and you
can see the full image if you click
image now as you can see the render
comes out beautifully it's full semi
photorealistic
of course there are many options you can
play here messing with your exposure and
of course you can save the image to
export it as a JPEG or other file format
now of course and that's it hope you
enjoyed the video and check us out on
our website if you have time thanks